Build with poetry (#2017)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

> * demisto-sdk is now disturbuting with a **wheel** package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `demisto-sdk` pack will now be distributed via PYPI with a **wheel** file.
```
